APPLE:
One average sized apple contains almost twice the amount of fiber as one serving of a fiber supplement. It also tastes a lot better, too.Apples float in water because a whopping 25% of their volume is actually air. Apples are less dense than water, making them the perfect fruit for apple bobbing.Some studies have shown that consuming apples regularly may reduce your risk of cancer. This healthy fruit contains pectin, quercetin, procyanidins, and Vitamin C, which are all beneficial in the prevention of disease and cancer

BANANA:
A wide variety of health benefits are associated with the curvy yellow fruit. Bananas are high in potassium and pectin, a form of fiber.Bananas are known to reduce swelling, protect against developing Type 2 diabetes, aid in weight loss, strengthen the nervous system and help with production of white blood cells, all due to the high level of vitamin B6 that bananas contain.Bananas are high in antioxidants, which can provide protection from free radicals, which we come into contact with every day, from the sunlight to the lotion you put on your skin

PINEAPPLE:
Pineapples are a popular tropical fruit found in desserts, drinks, and cakes.
Pineapples contain an enzyme called bromelain. When we chew pineapples, bromelain is released and starts to break down proteins in our mouth.Fortunately, by the time it reaches our intestines, the enzyme is broken down, so we don’t have to worry about the pineapple eating away at us.However, it is common to find farmers and workers on pineapple farms with faded or no fingerprints.It is thought that this is because of that exact enzyme breaking down proteins on the skin of those handling pineapple.

PAPAYA:
Papayas are known to help with digestion. The black seeds in the center of a papaya are edible and have a spicy, peppery taste. Florida and Hawaii are the only US states that grow papaya. Papaya contains an enzyme, papain, that can be used as a meat tenderizer.Papayas contain high levels of antioxidants vitamin A, vitamin C, and vitamin E. Diets high in antioxidants may reduce the risk of heart disease.

ORANGE:
oranges are high in fiber and potassium, oranges are known as a delicious source of vitamin B and C. oranges can help us live healthier longer by preventing cancer. Eating oranges every day can improve the digestive system and also lower stomach acidity.The vitamin C contained in oranges keeps your gums healthy and your breath fresh. Vitamin C also protects from scurvy

WATERMELON:
Watermelon contains vitamin C, potassium and magnesium. Watermelons are 92% water and 8% sugar. They can grow with or without seeds. Watermelons are in the same gourd family as squash and cucumbers.Watermelon is 92% water


GRAPES:
Grapes are bulb-shaped fruits. They can be eaten fresh, dried to make raisins, or crushed to make grape juice or wine. There are more than 8,000 varieties of grape. Grapes grow in wooded and warm regions of the world. They’re high in vitamin C and contain compounds that keep your heart healthy.

KIWI:
 Kiwi fruits are originally from China and they used to be called the 'Chinese Gooseberry' before they were renamed 'Kiwi fruit' in 1959 by the New Zealanders, due to its similar appearance to a kiwi bird. Kiwi fruit has brown fuzzy skin and bright green flesh with circles of edible dark seeds in the middle.Kiwi fruits contain fiber, vitamin C, vitamin K, vitamin E, potassium and folate. California produces 98% of kiwi grown in the United States. Kiwi can be used as a natural meat tenderizer. There are over 400 different varieties of kiwis.


